World Journal

The protests of Kronos burst in violence 



2013/11/13


The journalist Shawn Pastorini says that the "lack of respect" fills of fuel the protests

<< to continue to read the principal history >>	

The demonstrators in Abilia, Kronos put fire at the buildings of government, in another round of faintness in this torn city

Dozen people was wounded in the corruption of government perceived by surplus of protests and the incapacity perceived of the politicians to improve the situation.

To maintain the order the rubber balls and teargas used to alleviate it Malayan in capital Abila. Black smoke could be to come seen compound from the presidency in Abila.

<< to continue to read the principal history >>	

Guards of spokesman of Kronos indicated "in Kronos environmental legacies of the negligence and the lack of concern for the means of people this some equal hope for the change more. For this reason, anger had fermented during years, but now it boiled the surplus"

To maintain the order water used to disperse the protesters who threw stones with the building. There were also reports/ratios to give the attack to tested office.

"To populate the protest because they suffer, because they do not have the medical aid. We require the government resign," Terek Kamal, a driver of truck, said times.

Faintness started in Abila earlier in week, by protests above the reference of several employees of Kronosian of international giant GAStech energy.  GAStech has its roots in Tethys, although many directors live in Kronos.

This seems to be a case to ferment the destruction boiling more.

The administration is strongly of support of GAStech and its income of taxes to the trunks of government - however seems to be unaware of all the questions the pressure but its own packages with-top-means of wages.

The environmental situation is desperate. The hundreds of rural citizens suffer from the principal diseases apparently caused by exposure to the jets of reject of GAStech, although it was not a justified civil servant or does not recognize by the company or government. 

It is what étincelé the initial protests in Abila - but the empathy with their cause brought demonstrators outside in the cities through Kronos.  At the beginning peaceful, those protest are now more and more violent one, and organizes it and the citizens are caught in the formerly mortal interference current.  

President Dorel Kapelou II of Kronos is quoted saying bus it would convene a pressing meeting of higher control to address the "threat of terrorist for peace" in the country.

