World Journal

Profile:  Elian Karel 



2009/06/23


<<deleted the image of Elian Karel speaking with a gathering in Abila>>

The voice of the protest for some, the demagog of popularist for others, guards of the Chief Elian Karel de Kronos became a gathering martyrdom and point for some; a figure of scorn and rabblerousing for others, and a political concern with the government of Kronosian, in one year filled by event, accentuated by its suspicious death Friday. 

The chief of an environmental group forbearant of activist, Karel had begun a mark of the policy all his clean, which propelled the POK in the projector of this nation of island.

Filled of fuel by a dissatisfaction growing with regard to the awkward government with Kronosian, it started to lead the POK in an organization action-based, instead of one awaiting their government to make the aright things.

By ressuscitant embers of Juliana Vann to make countryside, the 10 year old girl who died of the diseases allotted to the industrial jets of reject of the government-favoured company of GASTech in 1998, Karel was stopped and thrown in prison according to a human stopping of road POK-launched in front of registered offices of GAStech in May. Karel died Wednesday while serving time in prison. The government of Kronos refuses the comment on the circumstances of its death.

Rather charismatic, Karel could inspire a crowd and draw attention to the social and political agenda of POK.  It could also tickle the funny bone of its assistances.  Once, after Jr. of Sten Sanjorge of PRESIDENT de GAStech compared the POK with a group of terrorist in an interview of pressure, Karel scoffed, "Sanjorge is a brilliant chief of GAStech. Do you know why it takes a scale with him with the supermarket?  It heard that the prices of foodstuffs in Abila are really high."

However, its capacity to engage in finally the government makes violence of Kronos had never been clear.  It is also not very clear which will take its coat in the POK now that it went. 

 



