Everyday News

Global boxes of the charity of dren of the disasters



1999/11/16
The new pleas campaign in the horizon to maintain liquidity.

The agencies of the aid have noticed that the monetary necessities and of the food have increased everywhere and that they can not be able to solve basic necessities.

The office of the O.N.U for the coordination of humanitarian subjects says that 15 million people of remain needing vital merchandize and services, because the number and the severity of crisis have given rise to a deficiency of the "food, healthcare, and the access to sustenances."

A new group of the aid, Singapur THAT TOOK CARE OF has formed recently in answer to the conflict in Kosovo.  The Dr Jayala Mahmed could not find an organization existing to sponsor it to offer voluntarily his medical services there.  Singapur THAT TOOK CARE OF has sent five missions to Kosovo to provide movable medical aid.  Also they have sent a effort of the mobilization of bottoms in collaboration with the governments of Malaysia.  "We are stopped ready to help, but the financing is difficult to find," the indicated Dr Mahmed. "As much it is necessary but as much it has been last already."

They damaged to thirteen people Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, as people filled up a convoy of the relevación of the government, the civil employees this.  They absolutely fear 20,000 earthquake people both that have happened east year.  Singapur THAT TOOK CARE OF has sent to equipment from the relevación to Turkey.

Still, the organizations of the aid stretch to their limits.  Health for all the attended medical equipment of the emergency ad hoc during the earthquake of September in central Taiwan that measured 7,3 in the scale of Richter.  "The answer of the equipment of the emergency was impressive, but not coordinated," it indicated a health for all the spokesman.  "Never éramos insurances they directed if us to the most desperate locations.  Soon we worked of medicines and bottoms to support our equipment of the aid and had to return to house."  Whereas the disclosed global press on 2500 people was killed and 100,000 buildings were destroyed, the local press disclosed people felt they correctly took care of that it for and declined aid of the relevación. 

The global report of the organization of the disaster of the emergency its members is making all she be able to obtain the aid to traverse to the victims of the earthquake, but they need enormous injections the bottoms to do so.  

Cord of Jim, of the FoodSupport charity of the relevación of the disaster these times "I think that the deficiency of bottoms is responsible for an increase of attacks against the convoys of the food, therefore dissuading many of agencies of the aid to obtain inside there."





