

World Journal

The perspicacity of an expert: prosperity as foreign PRESIDENT in Kronos 

2014/03/26
January 17, 1995



The Fluss hank is PRESIDENT de GAStech, the principal industry of Krono during more than 15 years, after its discovery of its immense gas layers close to the town of Elodis.

Fluss, functioned with dozen foreign Presidents during years. However, it has humble beginnings as a gas and oil prospector in Tethys. 

It spoke at times about the features about a chief successful in Kronos and which foreign Presidents can envisage in the market. 

Q: What the foreign Presidents can they wait when they come in Kronos?

A: the economic environment changed since the Eighties. It is much more difficult to succeed today. The foreign Presidents must play in bottom of their hopes. There is no easy victory in Kronos. Competition among Kronosian and foreign companies is hard. It is difficult to gain the hearts and the spirits of the population.

But there is less of difference than people think between the culture of Kronosian and, culture of Tethian of word. The personnel of Kronos function just like hard, they are respectful of their work and have the same desire for success. They can also appreciate the effective communication and a gifted chief.

Which foreign chief must make is to learn how to communicate the "manner of Kronosian" and to take time to include/understand their personnel.

Q: Can you work out?

A: There are many cultural differences while communicating. [To consider] notes. The foreign Presidents are always confused and frustrated when they send a note [with somebody in Kronos] and expect a simple response of yes/No Instead of that they obtain a very long answer which does not answer their initial question.

The people of Kronos do not like to take the responsability. They are frightened to lose their work and do not like to be forced in saying something which they do not want with. The foreign Presidents must take account of this and have to take time to include/understand how to communicate.

Patience is key. Transparency can be an excellent manner of coming to end this. It is a European value which Kronosians are very sensitive to. To impose on a company can transform with the voyage of a foreign President into Kronos an experiment much more pleasant.

Q: What the challenges of force are they a foreign PRESIDENT can they face on the arrival in Kronos?



A: Sometimes in fact the simplest things can be most provocative, like obtaining from A with B in a taxi. To be able to obtain around easily is taken for granted and not being able to make thus creates a great direction of the insecurity. In Kronos you are never sure if your driver drops to you to far with the address envisaged. This can seem as a small question but daily it is very tiring.

Another ends up knowing your team and with which you work. Just often foreign of stage of Presidents in addition to plane and in an office completely of the colleagues of Kronos. They do not have any idea which they are, how they work or as they qualified are. This can be muddling. 

The Presidents must take time to speak with their personnel, of the administrators to the drivers of truck and to include/understand their new environment before they test them and control.

Q: Can you give some ends on the way in which a foreign PRESIDENT can prepare?

A: the first thing that I would say is to prepare your family. They can find it difficult to adapt to the new environment of operation. This can affect the personal life. The family and the work of mixture are practical very current here. The people of Kronos work of overtime and socializes with their colleagues. It is very different from Tethys where there is a clear border between work and the family.

The foreign Presidents should also carry out how hard competition is and how much hard work must be put inside to succeed -- often much more than in their countries of origin. The language is a great question.

[But] anyhow much prepare you, the true experiment to work and to live in Kronos will always astonish you.

Q: How much difficult - or easy - is it to be a foreign PRESIDENT in Kronos?

A: Generally, I think that being a PRESIDENT is hard. There is much pressure, the environment is hard and it is difficult to find a balance with your personal life.

When a team of Kronos hears them that a PRESIDENT comes from overseas suppose it is a problem. But, culturelement they do not have a question with foreigners. 

Q: Are there situations in which to be a foreign director is really an advantage?

A: This question really depends on the person and how much they invest to include/understand the country and the culture. If they do not make any effort locate then it is a Net handicap. But in certain negotiations or certain questions such as the goods of luxury, the foreign Presidents can be an advantage. They can bring another point of view, facilitate the process.

Sometimes the foreign PRESIDENT with the best knowledge of an industry and can bring the access to the markets of overseas. This can be a tangible asset.

