The Explainer

THE WHO IS THE DEMONSTRATORS 



2012/08/24


ABILA, Kronos - with the third anniversary to approach of the death of Elian Karel - previous member of the protectors of Kronos - the question is:  who are the demonstrators?  But not only who are they, which and because they are protesting? 



The protectors of Kronos or POK were founded on 1997 by the residents of rural Elodis in agreement with the opinion of the now late health for all (WFA), an international group of the security of the water. The POK was initiated to bring the attention to the clean editions of the water that surrounded Elodis to the government by Kronos and the world. The POK affirms that the site that it perforates international of the natural gas of the curve of GAStech Tiskele is the source of both the contamination of the potable water as well as the destruction of the traditional territories of labrantío that surround Elodis. 



In 1998, WFA made test in the water of Elodis that finds stops levels of the benzene, arsenic of the tolueno and xylene, barium, chromium, lead and selenium. The test of a subsequent declaration sent by the attention and the pressure in the international government and GAStech brought WFA to the act. Nevertheless, with making fragments of WFA due to financing editions, the demands of the POK were not done case and downplayed to a great extent. 



Also in 1998, Julian Vann, of a ten years previously healthy one - the old girl died of a persistent disease, that WFA-financed demanded doctors was caused by the contamination of the water. The government of Kronos officially refuted the demand that mentioned the fragmentation of the WFA organization as it demonstrates of a nontrustworthy source that will not trust. He costs what costs, Julian he felt well to martyr of the first POK and has used the image of Julian in the Literature of the campaign since. 



Martyr secondly main of POK is Elian Karel, that died in 2009 whereas incarcerated of indetermine causes. Trumped upon loads affirms it to the POK was arrested ignition whereas the government of affirms it to Kronos was a radical and violent activist contracted the fiscal evasion. Karel been had implied with the POK from its beginning since his father, Jeroen Karel, were an original member.  The death of Elian Karel in 2009 was marked by spontaneous cases of the protest around Abila. The anniversary of its death, the 19 of June, has considered additional protests, demonstrations, uproars, and violence. 



The POK has been developed of pacific protests and demonstrations that demanded the action from the government to more violent activities including uproars whereas he demands that the government has done little nothing in the direction of the contamination, the envenenamientos, and the deaths undergone by his people. In date 2011, the government of Kronos has labeled the POK as "he threatens public".











