World Journal

The police force of Abila breaks upwards rest-in turned violent one with the presidential manor 



2012/06/21


The traffic thundered around the city like fights of Abilians to obtain to work among vandalism and plundering

As of the access the police force of Tuesday gave the attack in front of the presidential manor and of the capital building, breaking to the top one to rest inside by the guards of Kronos.

Other groups of activist joined the faction of protest in solidarity and a larger gathering was planned for posterior inside the day.

The government of Kronos of conservative employed a law of help to threaten the protestateurs by the arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The line is the finished environmental questions that the POK holds the government and the giant international person in charge for gas GAStech.

The gatherings had started peacefully, however more destructive activities climbed as crowd became more agitated. 

The signs among the protester claimed the change of government and the social equality.  The images of Juliana Vann, girl the 10 year old who dies of the diseases allotted to the international industrial giant of GAStech been used as gathering points.

People moving to a pro-gouvernmental meter-gather were attacked by defenders of POK, and posterior projectiles were put fire.  

Tuesday was the third birthday of the mysterious death of Elian Karel, a popular chief of the POK which died in prison. 

Later in day, which had been a demonstration mainly peaceful round violent when crowd began with vandalizing the buildings of government and the presidential farm.  

A group of younger protestateurs attacked vehicles, windows sensational.  Minor damage was reported. 

Reinforcements of police force were sent to the sector and blocked roads, and the skirmishes between the police force and the protestateurs burst. 

The police force was accustomed to the teargas to break to the top undisciplined crowd.  The spokesman of government supplemented the forces of safety for their handling of the "troops of the criminals" disturbing peace.  



