World Journal

The central role of the centrum in the gas industry of Tethan 



1982/10/04


The world of gas is distant, difficult and vast. In Tethys a few years ago, I travelled laboriously to the remote gas layers of Tethys to look at a new controversial sector of energy production.

One of the sites which I visited was a local office of the gas company of Sanjorge, lined initializations of work and reinforced combinations and the chemicals and the provisioning you must run a gas operation. As I remember it, a former truck-driver was responsible.

It was a sharp example in the way in which a company of exploration once small of Thethys had started to develop in a powerful international force in the industry of energy.

But I had forgotten the meeting until I would have gone again in Tethys the other day for the first time since their first years, with the reacquaint with the man who created the businesses, Sten Sanjorge: a man (one of the richest individuals in Tethys) which lived by the whole history of prospecting gas and thrived strongly of him.

But while I went around the capital city of the interviewing people of centrum, I realized soon that it was not simply a history of new energy. Something very significant A precisely proves to transform the centrum into total center of expertise of gas industry. Of what is developed in the capital city there are important lessons for other places blessed (and cursed) with the abundant natural resources.

The "centrum developed the expertise of class of the world while machinant in very difficult environments"

When I was a young journalist on the daily disc in Glasgow at the beginning of the Seventies, great oil precipitations at sea began North at sea. It then seemed a pretty impossible dream, transforming a coal island into place with the abundant gas and oil provisioning.

It seemed with us on the Western coast of Scotland that the vast city of the centrum, Tethys obtained with a little large for its initializations, starting to believe in new industry of imagination.

Much with the regrets of his/her mother, while waiting, Sten Sanjorge had begun the prospection at the beginning of the Sixties.

With the beginning of the Seventies, a new company of gas, GAStech, began the sound truck-like advances.

Under its careful councils, GAStech was transformed into an important supplier of natural gas to the local area, and then much further with far. It now has employees of thousands and functions in many countries. 

The change of the centrum was substantial.  You note them in the constant basic image of the helicopters to-ing and of fro-ing outside to the areas moved away, and had aligned them with the airport of the city to make the shuttle of the execs in the two directions of the city.

And while you lead around the centrum, almost each round not is financed by a division of GAStech. 

Sanjorge recently started to pay more attention to the activities of leisures and philanthropy, allowing its Jr. and hank Fluss de wire Sten of cofounder to direct the company. But Sanjorge was right guest to produce a report/ratio for the government of Tethan recommending the best manners of securing than Tethys continuous to produce energy during decades to come.

The substance easy-with-to obtain was produced, thus to keep to come from gas will need many investment and new more intelligent techniques, such as the techniques hyperacides of displacement of substrate developed by the company in 1974. 

Thus mercies with the intelligent people such as Sten Sanjorge and the people who work with him, centrum carried out what each place where raw materials are discovered wishes ardently to do. The city took the provisional advantage of energy on its threshold, and transformed into specialized knowledge and intellectual property which can return centrum a center of the long gas expertise after the gas itself becomes exhausted.



