World Journal

The guards of Kronos de Kronos declared the "group of terrorist"



2009/02/23


<<Deleted the image: POK held of many demonstrations in the capital of Kronos d' Abila>>

To continue to read the principal history	

The government of Kronos declared the guards of Kronos which a terrorist earlier group after having blamed it of an attack mortal on registered offices of police force this week.

Several of its defenders were stopped in a tightening.

A chief of POK dedicated himself that the protests would continue.

The spokesman Rufus Drymiau of government announced the movement, which will give to the authorities more power to split downwards on the POK.

He said that those which belonged to the group, financed it or supported its activities would face the punishment.

To continue to read the principal history	

Guards of Kronos

    The oldest and larger environmental organization of Kronos of activist

    Founded in 1997.

    Influenced by the international groups such as health for all

    Mix political activism with environmental work

    Use of rejections of the democratic principles of violence and supports

    Slogan: "Justice for Juliana", a reference to 10 years - old maid of Kronosian which died because of the contamination of the environment financed by the government 



    



The decision was in response to the bombardment of Tuesday of registered offices of police force in Abila, it said.

"Kronos was horrified at north in the south by the dreadful crime committed by the POK," Mr. Drymiau known as.

"It was in the context of the dangerous climbing to violence against Kronos and Kronosians and of a clear declaration by the POK which it knows nothing but violence.

"It is not possible in Kronos the state nor with Kronos the people to be subjected to the terrorism of POK."

Kronos would inform Tethys which had signed a treaty 1998 of anti-terrorism of the decision, it was added.

Defenders of POK

The POK denied to be responsible for the attack, and showed the government of Kronos to put in scene brace-towards the top to deaden the preoccupations with groups for the people.

A member of POK said to times that the decision of the government was "illegitimate".

He added: "The protests will continue, certainly."



