



World Journal

2014/03/26
October 21, 2013





Interpol announced the formation of a new working group of multi-country to fight the increasingly broad distribution of the cathinone of methyldimethyl of drug (MDMC).  To direct the working group is an elder inspector Robert Loblaw, a leader of veteran who carried out the very successful team of Tethys Counterdrug.  It is optimistic that it can identify the source.



"These drugs of originator have certain indices as for their origin," Loblaw says times in an interview.  "Each time the receipt is changed, it leaves indices as for which made.  It is like a pedigree."



This particular mixture of the drug MDMC, also known by its street calls the "cotton sugar refinery", the "spice dreams" and the "flower of tulip", was found previously only in Asteria but made its manner with the streets of Tethys and other international countries.



"I will look at hard the activities of the popular army of Asterian," Loblaw known as.  "Our preceding investigations moved to them like source of this particular formulation."



The popular army of Asterian (APA) is a paramilitary organization which was committed in activities of terrorist placed by his criminal companies, which include the traffic of drug.  These last years the APA sought to establish their mark by Web sites and the publication of a professional store and high quality called "Arise".



The elder inspector Loblaw says the public statistics of Tethys indicate that MDMC is a problem growing with the youth of the country.  "An increase in the problems of mental health, including the hallucinations and paranoia, accompanied by the violent behavior and an increase marked in the rates of suicide are only some of the indicators of the use of this drug of originator."



"We initially alerted the left civils servant to be on the monitoring for suspicious forwardings of insecticides and cleaning product, the two similar ones in the aspect to MDMC."







