World Journal

Total trunks of charity of drain of disasters



1999/11/15
The new calls fact countryside on the horizon to maintain the liquidity.

The agencies of assistance informed that the monetary needs and for food increased in the whole world and that they can not be able to satisfy the basic needs.

The Office of UNO for the coordination of the humane businesses indicates that 15 million people remain requiring the essential goods and the services, because the number and the severity of crises had like consequence a lack of "food, care of health, and access to the lives."

A new group of assistance, Singapore WORRYING was recently made up in response to the conflict in Kosovo.  Dr. Jayala Mahmed could not find an organization existing to finance it to offer his medical departments there.  Singapore WORRYING sent five missions to Kosovo to provide the mobile medical care.  They also launched an effort of collection of funds in collaboration with the governments of Malaysia.  "We are held ready to help, but it is difficult to find placement," Dr. indicated Mahmed. "Is so necessary but so much was already spent."

Thirteen people were wounded Tuesday in Izmit, Turkey, because people attacked a convoy of relief of government, civils servant known as.  One fears completely approximately 20.000 people in the two earthquakes which occurred this year.  Singapore WORRYING dispatched teams of relief in Turkey.

However, of the organizations of assistance are stretched with their limits.  Health for all the medical teams helped of ad hoc help during the earthquake of September in central Taiwan which measured 7.3 on the scale of Richter.  "The answer of the rescue squads was impressive, but not coordinated," stated a health for all the spokesman.  "We were never sure if we were directed to the most desperate places.  We soon missed medicines and funds to support our teams of assistance and had to turn over to the house."  While reported total pressure more than 2500 people were killed and 100.000 buildings were destroyed, the local pressure brought back people judged that they were correctly worried about and helps decreased by relief. 

The report of organization of disaster of help their members do all they can to arrive the assistance at the victims of earthquake, but they need the enormous injections of the funds to make thus.  

There cord of Jim, of FoodSupport charity of relief of disaster says times "me thinks that the lack of funds are responsible for an increase in the attacks on convoys of food, discouraging from consequently many agencies of assistance entering."





