Athena Speaks

WHO ARE the PROTESTERS 



2012/08/24


ABILA, Kronos - with the third birthday of the approach of died of Elan Carol - former member of the guards of Kronos - the question is: who are the protesters? But not only which is they, which and why they protest? 



The guards of Kronos or POK were founded in 1997 by residents of rural Elodis in accordance with the opinion of now old health for all (WFA), an international group of safety of water. The POK was launched to give the attention to the clean questions of water surrounding Elodis to the government of Kronos and of the world. The POK affirms that the site of international natural gas drilling of curve of GAStech Tiskele is the source from both the contamination of drinking water as well as the destruction of the traditional fields surrounding Elodis. 



In 1998, WFA carried out test on the water of Elodis finding the levels high of benzene, arsenic of toluene and xylene, barium, chromium, lead and selenium. The test of a following report/ratio released by an attention and pressure on the international government and GAStech brought by WFA to the act. However, with reducing WFA in fragments due to the questions of placement, the requests of the POK were mainly ignored and reduced the value. 



Moreover in 1998, Juliana Vann, one ten years previously healthy - the old maid died of a prolonged disease, which WFA-a placed of the claimed doctors was caused by contamination of water. The government of Kronos officially refuted the complaint quoting the fragmentation of the organization of WFA like obviousness of a dubious source not to make confidence. Without worrying, Juliana was well to the martyrdom of the POK first and employed the image of Juliana on the literature of countryside since. 



The martyrdom in the second place principal of POK is Elan Carol, which died in 2009 while imprisoned unspecified causes. The POK affirms it was stopped above trumped to the top of the expenses while the government of Kronos it question was a radical activist and violent one occupied in tax avoidance. Carol had been implied POK since its beginning since his/her father, Jeroen Carol, were an original member.  The death of Elan Carol in 2009 was marked for spontaneous examples of protest around Abila. The birthday of its death, June 19, saw protests, demonstrations, riots, and violence additional. 



The POK evolved/moved of the peaceful protests and the demonstrations requiring the action of government to more violent activities including/understanding riots while they claim that the government made little with nothing by addressing the contamination, the intoxications, and the deaths suffered by their people. In date of 2011, the government of Kronos marked the POK like "threatens public".











