World Journal

The schist gas pioneer projects the first wells at sea world at sea Mediterranean 



1984/05/04


<<Deleted the image: Protester of drilling of Anti-offshore oil rig.  Exploration proved a question discussed in Kronos>>

To continue to read the principal history	

The son of the founder of the gas company that GAStech projects a company to drill the Mediterranean sea inside, times learned.

Sten Sanjorge, Jr. believes that there are great volumes of gases at sea which could be extracted.

Sanjorge and GAStech were allotted to three licenses by the government of Kronos last month by the ministry for energy and the development and the hopes to begin exploration soon.

"The gas certainly at sea is not a new concept, but there is no reason with the history of Kronosian of the development at sea which we cannot develop these resources at sea," it said times.

The schist gas is extracted by using the technique discussed from hyperacide displacement from substrate which implies to inject acid layers of schist of chemicals, to break them to the top and to release natural gas imprisoned in inside.

Hyperacide displacement of substrate produced vast quantities of gas and oil in the Westerner, transforming the market of energy. But the projects in Europe were slow to take off, attacked with the opposition of the government and the local communities.

Sanjorge indicates that it will be in the short run before we know if the gas at sea schist can be exploited.

Many ecologists believe that hyperacide displacement of substrate can damage the marine environments, and to the extraction new fossile fuel resources are opposed. But drilling at sea avoids the need for difficult negotiations with the councils, the communities and the holder of piece buildings.

Based on existing geological data, SanJorge believes that a considerable quantity of gas is in place - to 100 cubic feet trillion, which would be more than the evaluations of GAStech for its earth resources. There is also the possibility of finding oil.

GAStech estimated that the resources at sea schist gas of total of Kronos could take place between five and 10 moments the size of terrestrial available of resources.



"We are who it resource is there and the numbers are absolutely ginormous," said very comfortable SanJorge. "Is there one that exploitable? It is billion question of the dollar, and GAStech wiling to invest in the answer."

Although it very recently became discussed, hyperacide displacement of substrate was employed on one on a smaller scale during much of years, to improve the flow of the conventional gas and oil wells. But to employ the process on a great number of wells had to at sea extract gas from schist commercially was never made.

Professor Oskar Wertz of university of Tethys is skeptic approximately if the schist gas at sea could be large contributing to European energy in the following decade, but known as which it could have the longer-term potential.

"GAStech is optimistic is its evaluations of how long it will take to explore the schist at sea. It is perfectly plausible that in 20, 30 or 40 years, technology hyperacide of displacement of substrate will have thus advanced and the way in which we treat the marine environment will have thus advanced that this could be a really large industry. To give the responsability in 10 years to come is to test these things outside, see whether they function." 

