The Wrap

A CAN ON LIVING CUT TRAGICAL SHORT: ELIAN KAREL



2011/06/22


ABILA, Kronos - two years suffered yesterday Elian Karel on age 28 died in Abila prison cell, apparently of hartstilstand.  He arrested three months in former days for unauthentic charges of belastingontwijking had been and in a prison cell without further judicial steps had left dawdling.  Its solicitor, Michale Kraft made different verschijningen who requires for the Court that the government outlines Karel their specific charges, and version.  Kraft an agreement with the government had reached which charges are diminished and Karel awaiting a test is delivered, but Karel died two days before he rather had go.

The questions dawdle, however, concerning the manner of the death of Karel.  The requests information was satisfied to insurance that the police force - of which preservation Karel was at the time of its dead - everything possibly would do a thorough research carry out.

This thorough research lasted each of two weeks, including the time it took the Coroner of the city Abila to lose the original autopsy files.  After the body of Karel was incinerated and was sent to its family in Elodis, closed the LEADER Abila van Politie to <name> the case and has decreased to ask concerning the death of Karel explanatory that we are answer death was no longer of natural causes and examines. maintenances

As reported at the time of the death of Karel, different people reported dense at the research which the body of Karel signs of bone which did not show strength traumatism, schuring and cracks that compatible with the cause of death by the police force is communicated products.  These confidential sources have since then moved themselves of the area and not available for contact are.

The police force has denied uncommon no matter what in death happened of Karel and the town civil servants require the charges of assassination and the unlawful dead by POK rabble-rousers trying instability and recall violence are claimed.

Yesterday on the morning loving 19 June, collected a small group itself verdedigers POK for the mail of the police force Abila, photograph of Elian, and of another young martyr, Juliana Vann, ten years - old little girl that in 1998, to cancer which by benzene toxin is caused in its drinking water died.  

Both died because of government lie and the corruption, one people told me that early that is name because of care of police force yellowing thing is implied.  Juliana died because Kronos GAStech permitted our water poison, and Elian died because he tried to justice bring Juliana.  When it? will conclude

Another, to larger mob the day voordien in a surrounding town park had collected to bring public information concerning these same questions.  Amid adressed and music, heard I it same reported of the year by:  Remind Juliana! Remind Elian!

