World Journal

Hospital of Abila seeing the surge of the users of drug of originator



2013/02/09
The department of help at the hospital general of Abila in Kronos was flooded in last month by people suffering from the medical complications of drugs of originator such as the "cotton sugar refinery" and the synthetic marijuana, a civil servant of hospital known as.

"We had at least two cases dozen in last month," said Alicia Bianca, director of nurse of the department. "We are literally overpowered."

Bianca indicated that it forever considering this level of activity related to the overdoses of drug in seven years when it controlled the department of help and in 20 years it was a nurse.

The authorities in "cotton sugar refinery" by Abila could have been a factor in the 54 years death Ralf trail, of which meurtrissent and the naked body was found on February 4 along a road of dead-end. The investigators await reports/ratios of toxicology to determine the cause of its death. Everywhere in the city, several deaths were allotted to the "sugar refinery cotton" according to the national center of poison of Kronos.

The patients come in the general from Abila from in all the larger area from city, and they include adults and youths, male and female, and all the mediums socio-economic, Bianca known as.

Sgt Antonio Arresta of the department of fire of Abila, a first-responder with the medical calls of help in the city, indicated that its department also saw a transient in the number of people needing treatment for complications for drugs for originator. "We went from calls zero to a handle of calls" in last month," it said.

Bianca and Arresta known as their efforts to treat people is made more difficult because they often do not know anything about drugs originator which were taken.

"You do not know what you obtain when you obtain it," in Bianca known as. "We made act with the patients to enter and out of the order, who are very violent one. They say to us that they had made the cotton sugar refinery or the synthetic marijuana."

Bianca says there is little clinical data on the effects of the cotton sugar refinery, because it is an incipient poison. "There is no study ordered in toxicology," it said. The national center of poison gathers anecdotic reports/ratios on overdoses of the hospitals and other suppliers as an element of the efforts to offer the council on the way in which to treat patients.

Drugs of originator are the chemical compounds synthesized to resemble the active substance in often illegal drugs. The cotton sugar refinery imitates the khat of drug, a stimulant. The manufacturers frequently change the chemical composition and its name of drug of originator into stage of the stay one in front of the authorities, Biance known as. "It is another manner of selling it," it said.

The cotton sugar refinery of limit, for example, is a nickname of drug and does not have anything to make with the feast of carnival. Drug was sold under the name of "spice dreams" one week and under the name of the "flower of tulip" the next one. 

The government of Kronos placed three of the chemicals used generally in the creation of the cotton sugar refinery on its ordered list of substance, criminalisant their use and possession. Always, the government cannot pure cotton sugar refinery of prohibition because the manufacturers can change the receipt and border the law, Bianca known as. Drugs are sold on line as products "of therapy of sweet herbs" and are available above the meter in stores of sector.

"We still do not know what obtain with the cotton sugar refinery. The chemical composition changes package with the package," Bianca known as.

A factor for the popularity of the cotton sugar refinery is its at cut price, Bianca known as. She said one gram of costs of cotton sugar refinery about K18 while one gram of cocaine costs K166.

The cotton sugar refinery creates the euphorism, or high, with which is equal or larger than than of cocaine but also causes with an accident which is worse, Bianca known as. Often prompt people of the bad effects of the accident with nocer on the cotton sugar refinery at the point where they consume drug during days. "They beseech it," it said.

After repeated the use, drug "makes fry" the brain of a person, draining the chemicals which balance its operations. This leads sometimes to the odd behavior and often psychotic who was brought back in the media, such as the case of the naked man in Elodis which was operation found in bottom of the medium of an important road, Bianca known as. "The seizures and the illusions are incredible," it said.

While it is not yet certain which is behind the distribution of this round of drugs of originator, the suspect organized crime of police force continues this great source of income. The popular army of Asterian was traditionally implied traffic of drug in all the area, and them agencies of application examine thoroughly the possible co-operation between the organizations of traffic of drug and the insurgent groups political.





