Everyday News

Hospitals of Abila that see the affluence of the designer drug users



2013/02/09
The department of the emergency in the general hospital of Abila in Kronos has been sunk in the month last through the people who underwent medical complications of designer drugs such as "caramel of cotton" and synthetic marijuana, civil employee of the hospital this.

"We have had at least two cases dozen in the last month," said Alicia Bianca, in charge of the nurse of the department. "They crush to Us literally."

Bianca said that it never has seen east level of the activity related to the overdoses of the drug in the seven years that it has handled the department of the emergency and in the 20 years she has been nurse.

The authorities in the "caramel of cotton this Abila" could have been a factor in the death of the Potter de Ralf of 54 years, that contusionaron and the naked body was found the 4 of February throughout a way of the deadlock. The investigators are waiting information of the toxicología to determine the cause of their death. Citywide, several deaths have been attributed to the "caramel of cotton" according to the national center of the poison of Kronos.

The patients are coming to the general of Abila through the greater region of the city, and include to adults and the socioeconomic youths, man and female, and all bottoms, Bianca this.

Sgt Antonio Arresta of the body of firemen of Abila, first-responder to the medical calls of the emergency in the city, said that its department also has considered a point in the number of the people who needed the treatment for the complications designer drugs. "We went of calls zero to a handful of calls" in the last month," he said.

Bianca and Arresta these their efforts to treat people become more difficult because they often do not know any thing on the designer drugs that were taken.

"You do not know what you are obtaining when obtain you it," to Bianca this. "We have done that the patients come inside and who act outside control, that is very violent. They say to us that there are been making the caramel of cotton or the synthetic marijuana."

Bianca this is few clinical data there on the effects of the cotton caramel, because he is toxicant that emerges. "There are studies no controlled in toxicología," she said. The national center of the poison gathers anecdotal information on overdose of hospitals and other suppliers like part of efforts to offer advice on how treating patients.

The designer drugs are composed chemical synthesized to resemble itself the active often illegal drug ingredient. The caramel of mímico cotton khat of the drug, a stimulant. The manufacturers frequently change to the chemical composition and its name of the drug of designer to the passage in front of authorities, Biance of the stay a saying. "It is another way to sell it," she said.

The caramel of cotton of the term, for example, is a nickname of the drug and it does not have anything to do with convite of the carnival. The drug has been sold under the name of the "spice soña" one week and under the name of the "flower of tulipán" the following one. 

The government of Kronos has put three of chemical agents of general use in the creation of the caramel of cotton in his controlled list of the substance, criminalizing his use and possession. However, the government cannot caramel of absolute cotton of the interdiction because the manufacturers can alter the prescription and border the law, Bianca this. The drugs are sold in line as products of the "herbaria therapy" and are available on the accountant in warehouses of the area.

"Still we do not know what you are obtaining with the cotton caramel. The chemical composition varies of the package to the package," Bianca this.

A factor for the reputation of the cotton caramel is his low cost, Bianca this. She said a gram of costs of the cotton caramel on K18 whereas a gram of cocaine costs K166.

The cotton caramel creates euphoria, or an overflow, to which it is equal or greater than than of the cocaine but also cause to collapse that is worse, Bianca this. The people often soon of badly the effects of the collapse to go of borrachera in the cotton caramel to the point where they consume the drug per days. They yearn for "It," she said.

After he is repeated the use, "the cold" drug the brain of a person, draining the chemical agents that balance their operations. This leads sometimes to the strange behavior, often sicopático that has been disclosed in the means, such as the case of the naked man in Elodis that was operation found under the center of an important highway, Bianca this. "The graspings and delusions are incredible," she said.

Whereas it is not still certain who is behind the distribution of this round one of designer drugs, the organized crime suspected the police is persecuting this great source of the rent. The army of people of Asterian been has implied traditionally with drug traffic through the region, and the agencies of the application are fence examinee the possible cooperation between the insurgent organizations of drug traffic and political groups.





